RHOAIENG-4279: Adding note to external db connection section (#217)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-a-pipeline-server.adoc

... In the *Username* field, enter the default user name that is connected to the database.
... In the *Password* field, enter the password for the default user account.
... In the *Database* field, enter the database name.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The external database connection is secured by default. To specify an external database connection that is not secured with TLS, you will need to set the value of `database.customExtraParams.tls` to `false` in the `DataSciencePipelinesApplication` custom resource as shown here:

Reviewer: We could remove 'you will need to' from this line.

Author: @grainnejenningsRH  Thanks, addressed in latest commit

[source]
----
spec:
  database:
    customExtraParams: |
      {"tls": "false"}    
    externalDB:
       host: mysql:3306
       ... 
---- 

> For more information, see link:https://github.com/opendatahub-io/data-science-pipelines-operator[Data Science Pipelines Operator] 

Reviewer: End of line needs a full stop/period.

Author: Addressed in the latest commit.

... In the *Username* field, enter the default user name that is connected to the database.
... In the *Password* field, enter the password for the default user account.
... In the *Database* field, enter the database name.
ifdef::upstream[]
+
[NOTE]
====

> The external database connection is secured by default. To specify an external database that is unencrypted, you will need to set the value of `database.customExtraParams.tls` to `false` in the `DataSciencePipelinesApplication` custom resource as shown here:

Reviewer 2: > To specify an external database that is unencrypted

It's the _connection_ to the database that is being encrypted, not the database itself.

```suggestion
The external database connection is secured by default. To specify an external database connection that is not secured with TLS, you will need to set the value of `database.customExtraParams.tls` to `false` in the `DataSciencePipelinesApplication` custom resource as shown here:
```

Author: Thanks @jiridanek, addressed in the latest commit.
